\section{SiPM}
\label{sec:sipm}

Silicon Photomultipliers (SiPM) are pixelated photodetectors that are widely
used in contemporary high-energy physics experiments. Their compactness and form
factor make them ideal for many applications including calorimeters, charged
particle detectors, and PET detectors. The size of each SiPM device typically
ranges between $1\times 1$~$\mathrm{mm}^{2}$ and $6\times 6$~$\mathrm{mm}^{2}$,
with the size of each pixel ranging between $10\mu$m to $50\mu$m. SiPMs operate
at relatively high gain between $10^{5}$ and $10^{6}$, and have photon detection
efficiency ranging from $10\%$ to $30\%$. The output signals from SiPMs are
linear over a wide dynamic range from a single photoelectron up to about one
thousand. As each pixel operates in geiger mode, it is essentially a digital
device. More than one photon impinging on a single pixel yields the same signal
as a single photon impinging on that pixel. Therefore as the number of photons
approaches the total number of pixels, the SiPM experiences a slow saturation as
the signal response slowly becomes non-linear. Total saturation occurs near the
number of pixels in the device. 

SiPMs have a thermal dark count rate ranging from X to Y, which can be strongly 
decreased when operated at lower temperatures. Typical operational temperatures 
range from room temperature down to about $20$ degrees Celsius. SiPMs have been
tested for the impact of radiation damage up to an equivalent neutron rate of X, 
and its performance have been shown to be robust up to an equivalent neutron 
rate of Y~\cite{stuff}. It has been observed that the thermal dark count rate increases with 
large irradiation.


- short generic description of SiPMs, parameter space, references, performace (light detection, linearity, rad hardness etc.

- briefly discuss digital SiPMs and potential benefits, applications in our context

- description of our SiPMs (table with parameters etc)

S12571-015P : 1x1mm^2 -> great amplitude resolution
S12572-25C: 3x3mm^2 -> less great amplitude resolution
